Create Contribute Section (#109)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/contribute/contribute.md

---
layout: guide
title: Contribute
description: Additional material for both readers and writers of the guide.
nav_order: 9
has_children: true
permalink: /guide/contribute/

> image: /assets/images/guide/contribute/resources-preview.jpg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: /assets/images/guide/contribute/contribute-preview.jpg
```

We need to create a preview image for this page...

Reviewer: I uploaded one.

---

# Contribute to the Guide

People around the internet build and shape the Bitcoin Design Guide every day. You can be the part of our open-community too!

This page shows you how to get involved and start contributing.

---

**[Content guidelines]({{ '/guide/contribute/content-guidelines/' | relative_url }})**

Tips on how to write for the guide, with the goal of achieving a consistent tone across all pages.

---

**[Formatting]({{ '/guide/contribute/formatting/' | relative_url }})**

Layout and formatting options available for content pages, from headers and blockquotes to images and embeds.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

```

Add a separator so the note about wider contribution does not visually merge with the description of the Formatting page.

> Bitcoin Design Guide is just a project within the Bitcoin Design community. To get involved with the broader Bitcoin-Design community and projects, check out [general contribution guidelines](https://bitcoin.design/contribute/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These contribution guidelines are for the Bitcoin Design Guide project. To get involved with the broader Bitcoin Design community and projects, check out [general contribution guidelines](https://bitcoin.design/contribute/).
```

---
layout: guide
title: Contribute
description: Additional material for both readers and writers of the guide.
nav_order: 9
has_children: true
permalink: /guide/contribute/
image: /assets/images/guide/contribute/contribute-preview.jpg
---

# Contribute to the Guide

> People around the internet build and shape the Bitcoin Design Guide every day. You can be the part of our open-community too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People around the internet build and shape the Bitcoin Design Guide every day. You can be the part of our open community too!
```
